hello welcome to another YouTube video
on how to make a bracelet for this video
I had already put on for blue moon blue
semi-precious stones you can use
anywhere these stones you want this is
going to be an eclectic bracelet so I
Center the stones and I begin with them
and then add these blue seed beads and I
add them to each side as I go so I'll
add one on this side
see
kind of falling
okay you can kind of see what it looks
like on that side and then I add one to
the other side
i'm making a pattern i mean it's an
eclectic pattern but there's some you
know form to it as you can see and then
these were just blue crystal seed beat
stones are a little bit bigger than most
they come in the tubes like this i also
got these at joann's fabrics but you can
get them at walmart Michaels I live in
Southern California so the places I find
them would be joann's fabrics walmart
Michaels I used to order beats / amazon
when I lived in more isolated places but
now that I live in places where I can go
and look I have to still look at things
you and hold them think about the colors
are nice and the thing I learn about
these blue stones here is when they
catch the light they're just so pretty
and I just keep adding to each side like
this
and then I add another one
like that and then the process is going
to be about eight inches in length so I
put it around my wrist just to get an
idea of how much farther I have to go
and I keep going till I get to the end
and this will just give you an idea of
all the variety of beads you can use
thanks for watching and stay tuned for
more ideas